Add some commons class details (#326)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-W14-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

Classes used by multiple components are in the `mycelium.mycelium.commons` package.

#### DateUtil 

This class is in the `mycelium.mycelium.commons.util` package. This class contains functions for 

> parsing data from JSON file in  the dd/MM/uuuu format and comparing dates based on certain criteria. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parsing date strings from a JSON file in the dd/MM/uuuu format and comparing dates based on certain criteria. 
```

#### Messages 

> This class is in the `mycelium.mycelium.commons.core` package. This class contains all the user visible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class is in the `mycelium.mycelium.commons.core` package. This class contains some user visible 
```
